fix(ddx): content review and update (#2681)
scaleway/docs-content: dedibox-console/account/how-to/enable-two-factor-authentication.mdx

  paragraph: This page explains how to enable multifactor authentication.
tags: dedibox-console 2fa authentication enable multifactor
dates:
  validation: 2024-02-01
  posted: 2020-03-12
categories: 
  - account
---

Multifactor authentication helps make your account safer. When enabled, after entering your password, a security code generated by your phone is required each time you log in. This authentication method ensures your account remains protected even in case of leaked passwords.

<Message type="requirement">
  - You have an account and are logged into the [Dedibox console](https://console.online.net)

>   - You have downloaded an Authenticator application to your phone

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - You have downloaded a multi-factor authenticator application to your phone
```
